vegie fried rice = 2 teaspoons oil, carrot (60 g), 1 tablespoon garlic, onion (75 g), pepper (50 g),broccoli floret (75 g), pea (75 g), corn,3 eggs, beaten, 3 cups white rice (600 g), cooked. In a wok or deep skillet, heat up the oil over high heat and cook carrots, onions, and garlic until onions are translucent.Add bell peppers and broccoli and cook an additional 3-4 minutes. Push all of the cooked vegetables to the side of the pan.Beat the eggs and pour into the cleared half of the pan. Scramble the eggs and mix with the rest of the vegetables.Add peas, corn, rice, soy sauce, sesame oil, and pepper. Mix well and let the rice cook until slightly crispy.
tomato pesto salmon = green beans (85 g), olive oil, salt, pepper, skinless salmon (170 g), 2 tablespoons pesto, 10 cherry tomatoes. Preheat oven to 350F (180C).Fold the parchment paper in half, then open up.On one half, lay down the green beans. Drizzle on oil and sprinkle on salt  pepper.Lay the salmon on the green beans, and spread on the pesto. Top with tomatoes.Fold the parchment paper over the salmon, and cinch the paper together by folding it over itself along the edges.Bake for 20 minutes or until internal temperature of salmon reaches 145F.
bbq baked chicken = 1 chicken breast, 1 small potato, onion, 3 tablespoons BBQ sauce, 1 tablespoon olive oil, salt, pepper. Preheat oven to 400F.Fold the parchment paper in half, then open up.Quarter the potatoes and thinly slice the onion.On one half, lay down the cut potatoes, drizzle on oil and sprinkle on salt and pepper.Lay the chicken on the potatoes, season with salt and pepper and spread on the barbecue sauce. Top with sliced onions.Fold the parchment paper over the chicken, and cinch the paper together by folding it over itself along the edges.Bake for 25-30 minutes or until internal temperature of chicken reaches 165F.
green bean casserole =  green beans (425 g), cream of mushroom soup (425 g), fried onion (150 g), scallion, sliced, for garnish. To an 8-inch (20 cm) microwave-safe pie dish, add the green beans and cream of mushroom soup, then sprinkle the fried onions evenly over the top.Microwave for 5 minutes at half power until onions have become a little crispy.Top with scallions and serve warm.mac and cheese = 5 cups milk 1 lb elbow macaroni (455 g), dry2 cups shredded cheddar cheese (200 g)In a large pot, bring the milk to a boil.Add the pasta and stir constantly until the pasta is cooked, about 10 minutes.Turn off the heat, then add the cheddar. Stir until the cheese is melted and the pasta is evenly coated.
