brownie = 1/2 cup butter, tablespoon cooking oil, 1/8 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1/2 cup flour, 1/2 cup cocoa powder, 1/4 teaspoon salt. Preheat oven to 350°F.Line with parchment paper set aside.Combine hot melted butter, oil and sugar together in a medium-sized bowl. Whisk well for about a minute. Add the eggs and vanilla; beat until lighter in colour.Sift in flour, cocoa powder and salt. Gently fold the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients until JUST combined.Pour batter into prepared pan, smoothing the top out evenly.Bake for 20-25 minutes, or until the centre of the brownies in the pan no longer jiggles and is just set to the touch . If testing with a toothpick, the toothpick should come out dirty for fudge-textured brownies.
cookie = 160g sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 115g butter, melted, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 155g flour, 1/2 teaspoon baking soda, 110g chocolate chunks. In a large bowl, whisk together the sugars, salt, and butter until a paste from.Whisk in the egg and vanilla, beating until light ribbons fall off the whisk and remain for a short while before falling back into the mixture.Sift in the flour and baking soda, then fold the mixture with a spatula.Fold in the chocolate chunks, then chill the dough for at least 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 350°F. Scoop the dough with an ice-cream scoop onto a parchment baking sheet, leaving at least 10cm of space between cookies.Bake for 12-15 minutes.
pancakes = 310g flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, buttermilk (600 mL), 8 tablespoons butter, 2 eggs. In a large bowl, add the flour, sugar, salt, baking powder, and baking soda and whisk to combine. In a medium bowl or liquid measuring cup, add the buttermilk, melted butter, and egg yolks and whisk to combine.Add the buttermilk mixture to the dry ingredients and gently fold with a rubber spatula until just combined.Add the egg whites and fold until just combined. Be sure not to overmix. Add the butter to a cast iron skillet and heat over medium low heat. Once the butter has melted and is bubbling, reduce the heat to medium-low and add 1/2 cup of batter to the pan.Cook for 2-3 minutes, until bubbles start to appear on the surface.
